hi guys this is lunch money here from
for all games are found and we've got
new Jump puzzle fear here in South Sun
curve they I'll try that again you go to
the lion's pride where point and just
him head-on round the coast as you can
see here this trim puzzle used to liza's
these geysers which might be seeing here
are Jesus whatever you want to say it
and you're gonna be jumping from stone
to stone as the pressure pushes the
rocks up unfortunately sin dude couldn't
be with me today as he is out and about
doing stuff with Verlaine actually and
so this the ninja impose its quite is my
opinion it's a lot easier than a lot
some of the jumpers we've seen in the
past like for example in comparison to
the magnens clock tower this term puzzle
it's a lot easier I've got something I
know some friends who would be
struggling with it though so this is me
I personally I love the triples in this
game I I fly through the because I just
love doing the man I just keep going
over and over again where some people
get frustrated Benny were pretty much
like this card I'm going to cut to a
clip of me doing it took about half an
hour of temps the Alpine Alex problem
I'd sections got stuck with and here we
go so as you're going to see when the
when the rocks get blown up you can't
jump straight on them some people will
try and rupture on them like the lady in
white there you go it'll this cell or
you can't land on them if you asked it
on any of the vet warrants before the
rocks come up you'll get set on fire and
knocked off so it's physically
impossible to UM gorilla you can take a
quick shot but they were jumping over
that rock there but it's entitled to
your how come from you out you will have
time to go to the proper way if you want
as you can see i do stop a couple of
times and i'm still ahead of it so this
is your first little waypoint here get
there and it will give you about second
for the loads again you can stay there
for long as one there's no time so I
went straight away because I knew the
past but you could just stay there and
get cozy so
you're going to come straight across the
back here I take a bit of a look round
because I'm still I'm learning this
while I do the jump puzzle and suddenly
next day on doing about half an hour so
you come around the back here and as you
can see if we got a couple of people who
have nice to get as far I'm screwed I as
you can see here as you watch it along
there's never a little way of pointing
about halfway down where the rocks stop
so you don't have to do all this in one
go so just some take your time take a
deep breath and just go for it there is
like I say times when you can't stop so
you don't have to sprint this I mean
obviously being a thief I've got my
passive signature shadows which 25 sep
movement speed so it may be a little bit
harder if you don't have that be
interesting to know how you got on with
it if you just leave with a comment say
know you do but some people obviously do
also have passive speeds that could help
them out so just keep going along is
quite some spanish you really just keep
going on and jumping onto the rocks as
they come up and here's your second
little point here don't worry this will
or will not erupted so you walk it
knocked off and then that is once we get
there that is the end of all the of all
the guises I hope it's in that right and
just in from then on it's in a basic
platform and no more time to know what
time trials or anything like that just
take time and it's quite it's just a
little bit looking around really
sometimes the heights they've had it
hidden some stuff been bushes so just in
this jump here by the way there's like a
little bit of an invisible wall so just
take time trim for the fit because I
almost fell off right there as you jump
up from one boat to the other so I'm
just a little one in there make sure you
take time and as you can see just scored
a new area but this isn't quite in the
drum puzzle this is where we at the
second part the climbing of the little
shelves see it's quite I don't set off a
planetary again but it and you're just
going to be climbing off the Magica
Stefan up and up and up and up and oh my
gosh this is actually a lot harder when
there's only one person I've never tried
to do a commentary about some new phone
and so now it looks like there's it can
get a bit tricky because you've got
quite a lot of place you can go but just
as long as um just look out for those
little edges because it's sticking out
all over the place and they do lead the
way I mean whenever gets Tokyo so yeah
just have a look around see if I can
spot any of those ledges and I get to
the top here I can't really see where
I'm going to be going but just from the
corner there and spoke a couple edges so
I was
that's the path when he's ticked began
in this chess a nice little bonus about
this about this drum puzzle is if you
didn't know already there are two
possible chest you can get from the jump
puzzle you can get the chest at the end
the grand that the giant gold chest
which can get all involved and puzzles
as well as your treatment but you can go
a little bit further on find a little
there's a champion who you have to drive
is nearby or kill and there's a little
chest you should like a general world
chess so you can get to chose from this
and then you know the chance of getting
some nice loop and some stuff from the
new area so this little bit here I would
recommend you come round as I do because
it just it looks like it wants you to
fall off that looks like one of the
things where you literally fall off and
they got that is the end of the new Jump
hustle it Sam it's not too hard as I
said as long as you can just get those
guys down put uski pattern over and over
again and frankly I played sha so it's
pretty much you pass with me to get lost
I would not want to try this or any drum
puzzle as an asura in this game I really
wouldn't so in the lot less stress was
talking about here just then come out
onto this book and jump onto the roof oh
you can just make it just kind of round
the outside as much to do here and it's
at that very thin path you want to go
over it so just line it up and hop on
over and she's got a walk on the outside
um you'll see I am these guys hit a lot
harder than I thought I was like I'll
just take this one on have him kill it
quite quickly it sort of level 82 same
as me it was doing a lot of damage so I
just don't I just back out of that one
brush and as you can see stuff love the
way that works in this game still
slapped me in the back as I was running
away
so finally we were on the back and I
found the actual weight oops the top
here because I walked all the way around
I can't leave a started right next where
I need to be and then you can see just
up there the champion the bigger the
bigger r if r is there so each one of
them nicely I stealth bastard not gonna
lie but how do i get that chest you can
we kill that one based on without
pulling the champion because the entire
time here he never even looks at me and
they go second little chest and just a
little bonus to go with the entire bonus
of this area I'm very impressed with
what they've done just in second month
of release a new patch but I've been
lunch money and Frank's watching guys
good luck and I hope you enjoyed the
puzzle bye